When running the application, you will see the following prompt
"Alarm> ", at which point you should enter one of the following
command types: Type A, Type B, or Type C specified below
Type A: Time Message(Type, Number) AlarmMessage
Type B: Create_Thread: MessageType(Type)
Type C: Cancel: Message(Number)

Where Message, Create_Thread, MessageType, and Terminate are all
reserved keywords by the program. Time is an unsigned number denoting
the amount of time to wait between two consecutive prints of the alarm.
Type is an unsigned number used to categorize different alarms.
And finally AlarmMessage is a non-empty string of maximum length 50.
Note that longer strings will be truncated to 50 characters. This
restriction on 50 characters can easily be modified by changing
#define MAX_MSG_LEN 50 in alarm_def.h

Examples of parse-valid commands:
	20 Message(2, 3) Hello World !
	Create_Thread: MessageType(5)
	Cancel: Message(7)



What does each command do?

Type A commands create a new alarm with the given time, type, number,
and message to be handled by an alarm thread of the same type. However,
number is meant to be a unique alarm identifier which is why if an alarm
with the same number exists, then the new alarm will replace it.

Type B commands create a new alarm thread with the given type, which
handles any alarms that are of the same type and have not been assigned
to any other alarm threads. However, we also impose the extra restriction
that threads of a given type must be unique on top of the following
restriction: No alarm thread can be idle. This means that an alarm thread
of a given type is not created if there are no alarms of that type. Furthermore,
it also means that when an alarm that is assigned to an alarm thread is replaced
as a result of an appropriate Type A command or cancelled as a result of an
appropriate Type C command then the thread handling it may also self terminate.
It will actually do so when it becomes idle(i.e., not handling any more alarms).

Type C commands cancel a single alarm with the given number which must exist
otherwise the command is invalid.



For even more information, refer to the Report.pdf file.
